:orphan:

Changelog
=========

Date format is year-month-day.

2.1.2 (2019-10-17)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Misaka now works on hardened security-hardened systems (`#72`_).


.. _#72: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/72


2.1.1 (2018-12-01)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed segfault caused by missing NULL-check (`#67`_).


NOTE: Misaka doesn't work in Python 2.6 anymore, because pycparser,
a dependency of CFFI, doesn't work in Python 2.6 anymore.


.. _#67: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/67


2.1.0 (2017-01-15)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Add a new renderer class with XSS protections. By Changaco. (`#60`_)
- Add Python 2.6 support. By sprin. (`#48`_)
- Add Termux_ installation instructions to documentation.
- Update Hoedown source files.

.. _#60: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/pull/60
.. _#48: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/pull/48
.. _Termux: https://github.com/termux/termux-packages/issues/218


2.0.0 (2015-10-22)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Rename ``Markdown.render`` to ``Markdown.__call__``.
- Add a bechmark testcase to chibitest.
- Simplify arguments of ``list``, ``list_item``, ``autolink`` and
  ``table_cell`` render callbacks.


2.0.0b1 (2015-07-18)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Rewrite. CFFI_ and Hoedown_ instead of Cython_ and Sundown_.
- Remove pre- and postprocessor support.
- Smartypants is a normal function instead of a postprocessor.
- Documentation now uses Sphinx_.

.. _Hoedown: https://github.com/hoedown/hoedown
.. _Sundown: https://github.com/vmg/sundown
.. _CFFI: https://cffi.readthedocs.org
.. _Cython: http://cython.org/
.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org


1.0.3 (not released)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- ``scripts/misaka``: Read stdin when no file is specified. (`#22`_)
- SmartyPants is now a preprocessor. This fixes `#19`_.
- Updated Sundown files; See commits from Mar 29, 2012 to Oct 19, 2012.

.. _#19: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/19
.. _#22: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/pull/22


1.0.2 (2012-04-09)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added ``clean``, ``compile_cython`` and ``update_vendor`` commands to ``setup.py``.
  See ``setup.py --help-commands`` for more information.
- Removed the ``--cython`` install option.
- Sundown is now a Git submodule.
- Exceptions that are raised in render methods are now shown on STDOUT. The
  script execution will not stop. Only the render method will stop and return
  nothing.
- Removed trailing forward slashes from ``MANIFEST.in``. These cause trouble on
  Windows. (`#12`_/`#13`_)
- Input text now be a byte or unicode string. Callback method arguments are
  always unicode. The returned text in a callback method can be a byte or unicode
  string.
- In Python 3 render callbacks couldn't be seen, because the variable that was
  used to lookup the methods was a byte string. And Python 3 doesn't see
  byte string and normalstrings as equal.
- Added unit tests.
- Updated Sundown files; See commits from Feb 05, 2012 to Mar 29, 2012.
  This includes fixes for Visual Studio on Windows.

.. _#12: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/pull/12
.. _#13: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/pull/13


1.0.1 (2012-02-07)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- ``PyInt_FromLong`` was renamed to ``PyLong_FromLong`` in Python 3. A macro
  has been added to fix this. (`#7`_)
- Included the C file generated by Cython again and made Cython an optional
  dependency. The ``.pyx`` file can be compiled with the ``--cython`` option.
  (`#6`_, `#8`_)

.. _#6: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/6
.. _#7: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/7
.. _#8: https://github.com/FSX/misaka/issues/8


1.0.0 (2012-02-04)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Reimplemented existing functionality in Cython.
- Added renderer classes for customized Markdown rendering (like Redcarpet has).
- Updated Sundown files; See commits from Aug 20, 2011 to Jan 27, 2012.


0.4.2 (2011-08-25)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Updated Sundown files; See commits from 2011-08-03 to 2011-08-09.


0.4.1 (2011-08-01)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed buffer management. It was broken and leaked memory. (tanoku)
- Updated Sundown files; See commits from 2011-07-29 to 2011-08-01.


0.4.0 (2011-07-25)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- API change: ``misaka.toc`` has been removed. Instead ``HTML_TOC_TREE`` has to be
  passed with ``misaka.html`` to get a TOC tree. When ``HTML_TOC`` is used the
  text will be rendered as usual, but the header HTML will be adjusted for the
  TOC.
- Updated Sundown files; See commits from 2011-07-22 to 2011-07-24.
- Added support for the Superscript extension.


0.3.3 (2011-07-22)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fix a typo in ``README.txt``. (heintz)
- Fix non-NULL-terminated ``kwlist`` in ``misaka_html``. (heintz)
- Rename module to misaka in benchmark.py. (honza)
- Renamed Upskirt to Sundown and updated the source files from 2011-07-04.


0.3.2 (2011-07-03)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed minor error in ``setup.py``.


0.3.1 (2011-07-03)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Renamed project to Misaka.
- Updated Upskirt files; See commits from 2011-06-06 to 2011-06-23.


0.3.0 (2011-06-16)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added Python 3 support.
- Updated Upskirt files; See commits from 2011-06-05 to 2011-06-09.


0.2.1 (2011-06-05)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Updated Upskirt files; See commits from 2011-05-18 to 2011-06-02.


0.2.0 (2011-05-17)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added Smartypants render flag.
- Added a ``toc`` function that outputs a table of contents.
- Renamed ``markdown`` function to ``html``.
- Updated Upskirt files; See commits from 2011-05-02 to 2011-05-17.


0.1.1 (2011-05-01)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Updated Upskirt files; a HTML escaping bug in the XHTML renderer was fixed.


0.1.0 (2011-05-01)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Initial release.
